Viewport and unified selection synchronization (#530)
iTwin/presentation: .changeset/gold-pears-add.md

---
"@itwin/unified-selection": minor
---

> Added API for enabling synchronization between iModel selection and unified selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added `enableUnifiedSelectionSyncWithIModel` for enabling synchronization between iModel's tool selection and unified selection storage.
```

Author: Changed.
